What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	This text editor, Sublime, kills me. It does not ask to save, nor saves
	things automatically. Anyways, Git creates a folder named .git, which
	will contain metadata, data about file changes. Then I will have a place
	to commit, my changes.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is the place where Git tracks differences. Working directory is
	the directory that we use for our project. Repository is a container for
	changes that we have done so far.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?

	I have no idea. It appears that does not work for me. I tried to do it, but 
	in the and it was nothing. So, let me tell you things I did understand. 
	It lets me commit seperately for different files that is on the staging area.
	In another words, I don't need to deselect and reselect the files that I 
	don't want to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

	If we would like to experiment on some new features, or add extra modes: this
	feature is quite helpful. By using branch, we can expriment with lots of 
	features, without changing back and forth.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Well, they let me know when a new branch has started. So that, I know what 
	changes does that branch has or not, what features a branch has, or what 
	fixed in that branch or so. They give me a general idea of the all ideas.
	This feature does not work either. HAHA, what a wonderful tutorial.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?

	The result is to create one complete file, by combining two different 
	versions of the same file. Because branches are becoming one, so like 
	the real trees with branches, they come into one.

